CSS Styling Explained

Default (GPT-3.5)

User
Explain how does the code works <title>Document</title> <style> *{ margin: 0; padding: 0; box-sizing: borderboard; } body{ height: 100vh; display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center;
    }
    .container{
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        width: 300px;
        padding: 15px;
        border: 1px solid
        skyblue;
        border-radius: 5px;
    }
    input{
        margin: 5px 0px;
        height: 35px;
        padding: 7px;
    }
    button{
        height: 35px;
        margin: 5px 0px;
        background-color:skyblue;
        border: none;
        border-radius: 5px;
        color:#333;
    }
    button:hover{
        background-color: #333;
        color: skyblue;
    }
</style>
Explain detaily

ChatGPT
This code appears to be an HTML document that includes inline CSS styles. Let's break it down step by step:

The <title> tag sets the title of the document to "Document," which will be displayed in the browser's title bar or tab.

The <style> tag contains CSS rules that apply styles to the elements within the document. The * selector selects all elements on the page and applies the following styles:

margin: 0; padding: 0;: Removes any default margins and paddings from all elements.
box-sizing: border-box;: Sets the box-sizing property to "border-box," which means the specified width and height of elements will include padding and borders.
The body selector styles the body element of the document. The following styles are applied:

height: 100vh;: Sets the height of the body to 100 viewport height, meaning it will take up the entire visible area of the browser window.
display: flex;: Uses the flexbox layout to arrange the child elements.
align-items: center;: Aligns the child elements vertically at the center of the body.
justify-content: center;: Aligns the child elements horizontally at the center of the body.
The .container class styles a container element with the following properties:

display: flex;: Uses the flexbox layout to arrange the child elements.
flex-direction: column;: Arranges the child elements in a column layout.
width: 300px;: Sets the width of the container to 300 pixels.
padding: 15px;: Adds 15 pixels of padding around the container.
border: 1px solid skyblue;: Adds a 1-pixel solid border with the color "skyblue."
border-radius: 5px;: Rounds the corners of the container with a 5-pixel radius.
The input selector styles all input elements on the page with the following properties:

margin: 5px 0px;: Adds 5 pixels of margin above and below the input element and no margin on the left and right.
height: 35px;: Sets the height of the input elements to 35 pixels.
padding: 7px;: Adds 7 pixels of padding within the input elements.
The button selector styles all button elements with the following properties:

height: 35px;: Sets the height of the button elements to 35 pixels.
margin: 5px 0px;: Adds 5 pixels of margin above and below the button element and no margin on the left and right.
background-color: skyblue;: Sets the background color of the button to "skyblue."
border: none;: Removes the border from the button.
border-radius: 5px;: Rounds the corners of the button with a 5-pixel radius.
color: #333;: Sets the text color of the button to "#333" (a dark gray).
The button:hover selector styles the button when the user hovers over it. The following styles are applied:

background-color: #333;: Changes the background color of the button to "#333" (a dark gray) when hovered.
color: skyblue;: Changes the text color of the button to "skyblue" when hovered.
